This is a quick look at this homepage
for Front-End Challenges Club.
It's a look and feel video.
There's no other feedback that's required.
The only feedback we need from this is,
how do you feel about the look and feel,
the colors, the typography, the spacing?
All the things that make it look like it does.
Do we like the color?
All that sort of thing.
In terms of functionality,
we don't need to worry so much about that right now.
We just need feedback on the look and feel
and why things are being put together.
So let me quickly explain what's going on.
So you got your standard header at the top
with some navigation links.
And there's a primary call to action, straight away.
The sign up, and that's a really common pattern.
We're sticking it straight in there.
Then you got the intro,
so you got what the name of the project is,
Front-End Challenges Club.
And there's a quick summary, so, "Quick, fun challenges
"and solutions to help you to master front-end development.
"Sign up now."
Then this is important, for the two price points.
$10 per month or $95 per year.
Sign up.
So that's trying to immediately catch a user,
or a potential user, and get them straight in the door.
Then in the second column,
we've got what the current challenge is.
So the latest challenge.
This one is challenge number four, Progress Button.
And then we've got, this is all grouped together,
because the challenge has got a related solution to it.
We've got View Challenge and then Learn Solution.
And then the iconography here is on the challenge,
being the mountains, so this is something to overcome.
And then the compass being the solution,
sort of guiding and ensuring then where to build them.
So that's where I teach them how to use it.
Then you got, after that, Recent Challenges:
Duotone Card, Toggle Switch, Email Sign-up Forms.
This gives someone an opportunity landing
to just have a quick look at the other content, as well.
So you could limit this, to say, six,
so you got a nice grid,
once you got some more stuff going on there.
And then it just helps them to get a feel
for the challenges, at least, anyway.
The solutions are all pay walled.
So then, then there's the last opportunity
there at the bottom.
Now I've reversed the colors.
I've gone for the magenta as the primary background color
and then using the same treatment as the intro here,
sign up for membership.
This is the second chance of trying to get a user in.
Then you've got columns of content here,
you've got, "Front-End Challenges Club members
"get all sorts of benefits including."
So then you get, "Full access content,
"access to private community members,
"access to exclusive AMA sessions."
And then again, the more we reiterate,
that memberships start at $10 per month or $95 per year.
Sign up for membership.
And then you got your standard footer going on here
with the Privacy Policy, Code of Conduct link, et cetera.
Again, reminder, the feedback that we need from this video
is just what you're feeling about the look and feel.
Don't rush the feedback, think about it.
I can progress with other work in the meantime.
Take your time, think about what you like,
what you don't like.
Yeah, let me know your thoughts,
and again feel free to record a screencast like this.
Take care, see ya!